Document required IAM permissions (#11794)
docker/docker.github.io: engine/context/ecs-integration.md

## Run an application on ECS

### Requirements

> AWS uses a fine-grained permission model, with specifil Role for each resource type and operation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS uses a fine-grained permission model, with specific role for each resource type and operation. 

```

> So that Docker ECS integration is allowed to manage rsources for your compose application, you 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that Docker ECS integration is allowed to manage resources for your Compose application, you 

```
